Add PT2E cv&llm example (#1853)
intel/neural-compressor: examples/3.x_api/pytorch/nlp/huggingface_models/language-modeling/quantization/static_quant/pt2e/README.md

Step-by-Step
============
This document describes the step-by-step instructions to run large language models (LLMs) on 4th Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processor (codenamed Sapphire Rapids) with PyTorch 2 Export Quantization.

> The script `run_clm_no_trainer.py` supports `OPT` quantization and validates last word prediction accuracy with [lm_eval](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness.git) now, and we are adding more models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, users can use `run_clm_no_trainer.py` to quantize the `OPT` series models and validate the last word prediction accuracy with [lm_eval](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness.git). We will add more models in the near future.
```
